Add claim check sample (#23406)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/samples/Sample10_ClaimCheck.md

## Claim check pattern

> This sample demonstrates the use of the [claim check pattern](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/patterns/claim-check) which enables you to work with arbitrarily large message bodies. For standard namespaces, a message can be at most 256 KB. For Premium namespaces, the limit is 100 MB. If these limits don't work for your application you can leverage Azure Storage Blobs to implement this pattern.

Reviewer: Should we consider linking to the service documentation for limits and not specifying directly here?

Author: Eh, I wanted to mention specifically the 100 MB limit which is not yet included in the docs.

### Sending the message

> In our example, we will assume that the message body can fit in memory. This allows us to use the Storage Blob methods that let you work with `BinaryData`. If your message body cannot fit in memory, you can use the stream-based Upload/Download methods instead.

Reviewer: Should we consider linking to the Blobs docs for the stream-based methods that you're referencing?

```C# Snippet:CreateBlobContainer
var containerClient = new BlobContainerClient("<storage connection string>", "claim-checks");
await containerClient.CreateIfNotExistsAsync();
```

Next, we will upload our large message body to a blob, and then assign the blob name to an application property in our `ServiceBusMessage`. In this example, we use a helper method that generates a random byte array of the specified size. For the blob name, we generate a GUID.

```C# Snippet:UploadMessage
byte[] body = GetRandomBuffer(1000000);
string blobName = Guid.NewGuid().ToString();
await containerClient.UploadBlobAsync(blobName, new BinaryData(body));
var message = new ServiceBusMessage
{
    ApplicationProperties =
    {
        ["blob-name"] = blobName
    }
};
```

Finally, we send our message to our Service Bus queue.
```C# Snippet:ClaimCheckSendMessage
var client = new ServiceBusClient("<service bus connection string>");
ServiceBusSender sender = client.CreateSender(scope.QueueName);
await sender.SendMessageAsync(message);
```

### Receiving the message

> On the receiving side, we essentially perform the reverse of the operations that we did on the send side. We first receive our message and check for our application property key. After we find the key, we can download the corresponding blob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the receiving side, we essentially perform the inverse of the operations that we did to send. We first receive our message and check for our application property key. After we find the key, we can download the corresponding blob.
```

```C# Snippet:ReceiveClaimCheck
var receiver = client.CreateReceiver(scope.QueueName);
ServiceBusReceivedMessage receivedMessage = await receiver.ReceiveMessageAsync();
if (receivedMessage.ApplicationProperties.TryGetValue("blob-name", out object blobNameReceived))
{

>     var blobClient = new BlobClient(TestEnvironment.StorageClaimCheckConnectionString, "claim-checks", (string) blobNameReceived);

Author: Need to update for snippet to not show TestEnvironment.

    BlobDownloadResult downloadResult = await blobClient.DownloadContentAsync();
    BinaryData messageBody = downloadResult.Content;
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't you also delete the blob when you're done with it to avoid trash piling up?

Author: Good point.
